Restructure documentation (#597)
ml6team/fondant: docs/runners/kfp_infrastructure.md

Reviewer: I don't think this file is included in the tree. Not sure if it's needed though, it's linked from the kubeflow runner page and you can find it via search.

Author: Added it to the advanced concepts

# Setting up kubeflow

## Introduction

In order to run Fondant
on [Kubeflow Pipelines](https://www.kubeflow.org/docs/components/pipelines/v1/introduction/), we'll
need:

- A kubernetes cluster
- Kubeflow pipelines installed on the cluster
- A registry to store custom component images like (docker hub, Github Container Registry, etc)

This can be on any kubernetes cluster, if you don't have access to a setup like this or you feel
uncomfortable to setup your own we have provided some basic scripts to get you started on GCP or on
a small scale locally.

!!! note "IMPORTANT"
- These script serve just a kickstart to help you setup Kubeflow for running Fondant, these are not
production ready environments.
- Spinning up a cluster on a cloud vendor will incur a cost.
- You should never run a script without inspecting it so please familiarize yourself with the

> commands defined in the Makefiles and adapt it to your own needs.

Reviewer: This breaks the admonition.

## If you already have a kubernetes cluster

> If you already have setup a kubernetes cluster and you have configured kubectl you can install

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you already have a kubernetes cluster  set up and you have configured kubectl you can install
```
